all right so this is the CDO
this hose is the one that melted and
this one as there's - this one right
here goes in there alright and I just
noticed this one this one goes down off
this line
so I can't see which
that blue one isn't the line and I just
noticed another thing this other blue
one right here is melted to these off I
don't have a clue where that is just
sitting there
so p1 it's melted feels like it's
pulling there's the blue one
where is it
right there that one's running to the
back this was the original one it's
melted to the exhaust to your book
melted to the exhaust I don't know where
that one's gone let's see this comes
back up somewhere the way it goes up
that's right well let's call this number
one sprayer or number one and number two
number one number two number one goals
like I said it just burnt right through
it
close around there let's see there on
the right-hand side
and that blue one is obviously the one
that comes over here somehow and it's
wrapped around the exhaust pipe and it's
melted now it's toast and it's going to
the back of the Machine and this
exhaust rave is you leave cell water
right there just sprays it so I don't
know what's wrong with it and then that
girl holes leaks
no yeah this PU line comes to there
that's for that blue hose hose here and
it's on up in there so I don't know
either way
like I said this is Austria is leaking
of water they'll spray the driver
mistake I need it all new hoses anyways
cuz it's shot and yeah I think that's
about it I don't think there's anything
else so hopefully maybe so number one
number two
so if number one is supposed to be going
that way all the way to the back of the
boat I don't see it happening because
this blue line is the one that goes from
the side of the boat
I don't know something's wrong all right